Tristan lurched in his seat. The truck he was sitting in flew over gravel and rocks on a road out in who-knows-where. It didn't help that the seat was barely cushioned, and the seatbelt scratched his bare shoulder. It wasn't more than a glorified bench stuck to one wall of the tank-like vehicle. He adjusted his sleeveless hoodie yet again to try and cover where the belt contacted skin, but it only took a few seconds for the truck to hit another bump and undo all his careful positioning. His fingers drummed on his knee, then he bounced his leg, then went back to drumming. The plastic of the seat stuck to his thighs where his athletic shorts didn't cover, which unfortunately was most of his legs. The officer on the plane had told him to wear something suitable for exercise, but if he had known that he would be ushered into the back of this gun-metal grey truck with no air conditioning, he would have succumbed to running 10 miles in a button-up and jeans if he could stop this sensory nightmare.

Against the opposite wall of the back of the truck sat one of the officers. This one had joined them at the airport. She had wordlessly and... almost cautiously climbed in the back with him. Her brow was shiny with sweat, and she kept repositioning herself to unstick her shirt from her back. She wore a similar uniform to all the other officers had chaperoned him in his travels; professional work attire not suited for the summer heat all in whites and greys. Most of the officers (including the woman across from him) wore grey tires with the G.I.S.T.R. logo on them. It was a [logo description]. The woman had loosened her tie only a short while into driving as the heat slowly rose. On second thought, maybe the seatbelt and sticky seat weren't so bad.

On Tristan's left was the front of the vehicle. There was a divider between the passenger area and the driver with a window just low enough that Tristan, at a solid six feet tall, could see through the top half of the front windscreen. It was an almost cloudless morning. The sun was ahead of them and just to the right, rising high enough to not blind him as he peered over to try and see the road. The rippling scrublands the airport was in had dipped away to much flatter land an hour or two ago. Maybe. Tristan had never been good at guessing time. The officers had put his phone with his suitcases and other belongings before he had even boarded the plane in Germany, so he had asked them for the hour at least twenty times before he noticed the sigh the officer would give every time before he answered. Tristan stopped asking after that.

Out the front windscreen, something finally rose into view. The road veered right as it met a large concrete and metal fence and followed it east. Spikes lined its top, pointing outwards. *"Strange"*, Tristan thought, *"there's nothing out here. Why do they need spikes?"* He didn't ask the officer what the fence was for, or what the time was.

\#

The road gave one last crackle beneath the truck's tyres as it came to a stop. Tristan could hear the officers in the front get out, but the woman across from him didn't do anything except straighten her tie. He looked to the back of the truck. Its back door was thick and heavy, covered in rivets and locked tight. After a few moments, a series of heavy clunks came from it, and an officer swung it open to let him out. He stretched as much of his body as he could as he exited the vehicle. It was so much better having room to move and nothing touching his skin, but the air was still desert hot.

The truck had parked in the middle of the road in front of a gate in the fence. One side of it was half open, and the truck driver was motioning Tristan towards it. He turned back to look at the truck, right as the doors slammed after all the officers climbed in. They drove away, continuing east along the fence, leaving Tristan with the gate. *"And whatever is on the other side of it,"* he sighed internally. 

Tristan walked up and peeked around the thick metal to see it was mostly the same plains on the other side of the fence. However, tyre tracks led up to a cluster of small buildings not too far away, and past them, he could see people standing around. Probably waiting for him. That urged him enough to cross through the gate and approach (not that he had anywhere else to go).

The first thing that caught Tristan's attention as he passed between the buildings was the rows and rows of beams, planks, walls, tyres, nets, ropes, and other wooden and metal structures. This obstacle course repeated sixteen times across, and stretched way off into the distance. This is probably why he was told to dress for exercise. A man and a woman stood in front of one of the courses, facing him and three other people lined up to his right.

The man stood with his legs wide, hands on his hips, and wore aviator sunglasses and an outfit that somehow looked athletic and formal. Within his well-groomed beard, his lips were pouted. His boot tapped the beaten dirt in a slow, bored rhythm. The woman beside him was much more alert; her back was straight, her blouse and pants were pressed, and her clipboard was tucked neatly under her arm. She had pale skin and black hair that was held in a bun without a single hair out of place. Her eyes were on him, sharp but not glaring, as she said, "Mr Glacier, glad you have finally arrived. Please join the line with your division." She spoke with a strong French accent, one that reminded Tristan of [smth idk]. The man motioned to the other end of the line with a flick of his finger, and Tristan obliged, walking past the three people who looked to all be his age.

The first one caught his eye as he passed, and gave him a glance up and down, then a sly smirk. They wore all black, and were covered in chains and piercings. Across their face was even more black in the form of dramatic makeup, but their hair was bright purple and red. Their arms were crossed and their hips cocked to one side. Despite being at least fifteen centimetres shorter than Tristan, it felt like they were looking down at him. They looked at him through their lashes with their head tilted up. Like a perfectly cut topaz, their face caught the light in sharp angles at their jawline and cheekbones, and was a rich warm brown that drew him in and made him want to- *"Not the time, Tristan! Not the time."* He quickly looked away and found his place at the end of the line.

\#

